doc: Add hint for automatic power domain swiching (#60387)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/services/pm/device_runtime.rst

:c:enumerator:`PM_DEVICE_STATE_SUSPENDING` state first and then into the
:c:enumerator:`PM_DEVICE_STATE_SUSPENDED` state when the action is run.

> If the device is connected to a power domain and device runtime power management

Reviewer: It's not wrong but it could be more complete:
```
For devices on a power domain (via the devicetree 'power-domain' property), device runtime
power management automatically attempts to request and release the dependent domain
in response to :c:function:`pm_device_runtime_get` and :c:function:`pm_device_runtime_put`
calls on the child device.
```

Author: Thats a great suggestion. For me it was important to also mention that the domain itself needs the runtime management enabled. This is missing in your suggestion. I needed quite a while of debuging till I understood this.

Reviewer: Appending the following is probably sufficient:
```
For the previous to automatically control the power domain state, device runtime PM must be enabled
on the power domain device (either through the `zephyr,pm-device-runtime-auto` devicetree property
or :c:function:`pm_device_runtime_enable`)
```

> is enabled for this power domain (e.g. via the device tree), the power domain

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is enabled for this power domain (e.g. via the devicetree), the power domain
```

Author: done
